(dramatic music)
- [RuPaul] "Drag Race UK"
may have made her-story,
but the stakes are about to get
higher.
I want a global superstar.
With the UK as our host nation,
for the first time in Drag Race
her-story,
queens from different
franchises will be competing
to be the ultimate Drag Race
superstar.
Oh, wow.
So play nicely ladies,
and let the battle commence.
(laughs)
♪ RuPaul's Drag Race ♪
- [RuPaul] Tonight on "RuPaul's
Drag Race UK vs the World".
Michelle Visage,
Graham Norton,
and extra special guest judge,
Melanie C.
♪ RuPaul's Drag Race, may
the best drag queen win ♪
♪ Best drag queen win ♪
(dramatic music)
- Hello, it's me, Baga Chipz
from "RuPaul's Drag Race UK"
season one.
♪ Baga Chipz is stunning ♪
♪ Baga Chipz is class ♪
♪ It's me ♪
♪ The people's princess ♪
I was best known for talent.
It's all good and well
dear, looking amazing,
but you need the goods.
And when it comes to snatch
game.
Redundancy.
I could've been casted in
"The Crown" after that,
they gave it to an unknown
actress.
When it comes to singing
challenges,
like the Frock Destroyers.
When it comes to proper
getting into character.
Much better.
I just piss all over 'em.
- [RuPaul] She has it all.
She's got the dirty, the sweet,
the sour.
It's all in that Baga Chipz.
- Oh, look, it's a little globe.
Oh my God, we're going
international.
This is UK vs the world.
(laughs)
And I'm representing the UK,
because you can't get more
British than Baga Chipz.
As per usual, it's an evening
with Baga.
Too famous for me own
good, why am I so famous?
Now it's time to take over
the mother-tucking world!
Is that Marge Simpson?
Who's that?
- I am Blu Hydrangea
from "RuPaul's Drag Race UK"
season one.
- She's blue.
- Blu Hydrangea is always bright
colors,
always fabulous and always out
of the box.
Well, what's the craic? (laughs)
(Irish music)
I was the first ever Northern
Irish queen on Drag Race
and I am proud of what I did
that season.
I came fifth.
I love creams in my eclairs,
in my buns and up my arse!
Walking in to season one, I was
naive.
I was shy, but now I am
glamorous,
I'm fabulous, I'm confident.
I have hosted gigs around the
world,
hosted my own TV show, brought
out my own makeup line.
I have my fingers in all the
pies.
(Baga laughs)
Hello!
- D'you know what, I
didn't even know who it was
until you spoke, 'cause you're
all blue.
You look amazing!
- Thank you, so do you, look at
this!
- [Baga] Like a little smurf!
- This is the best you've ever
looked.
- I know, look, I've had a glow
up.
I'm just that famous, I've
learned how to look decent.
- I was nervous, but now
I'm not, look at you.
I'm so excited to see Baga.
This is one of my good
friends I work with a lot.
Oh, mummy, I think someone
else is coming, let's sit down.
- Come on Babby Blu.
(dramatic marching music)
(Blue gasps)
- [Baga] Very very pink.
- Oh my goodness.
- Hello, I'm Cheryl Hole and you
know me
for being the death-dropping
queen of season one.
- Rawr.
- Hello, divas.
I'm ready for another
season of me doing mediocre.
I was best known for
walking around the work room
with no makeup on and a stupid
old wig.
And just being a silly tit.
Up your bum, no babies.
(all cheer)
Season one really kick-started
everything for me,
it really put me on the right
track
to finding my drag voice.
- The look in her eye was just
utter joy.
She was letting these children
have it.
- Highest point was
meeting Cheryl of course.
(tongue pops)
(others scream)
- Yes!
- Now I hope these international
divas
are ready for a slice of UK pie
because we're here to
represent the UK in the world.
- You look amazing, like
really, really, really good.
- Thank you, honestly, I can't
believe
we're the first three.
- It's fabulous, I
missed you both so much.
- Oh my god.
- It's just gonna be UK season
one all over again, right?
- I can't wait to see who's
gonna be here.
- I wonder who's gonna come
from the different countries,
because I can't understand
when they speak different
languages.
- I'm sure people are gonna
struggle with you, Baga.
(all laugh)
(all gasp)
- Oh, wow!
(Blu screams)
- [Blu] You better work diva!
- I'm Janey Jacke and I was
from "Drag Race Holland" season
one.
Told y'all I was gonna be back.
This time you won't need
your subtitles though.
- Yes!
- In that season, I became a
runner up.
I would have loved to
have taken that crown,
but losing is the new
winning because now I'm here.
For my crown.
(speaking Dutch)
The Netherlands and
Amsterdam in general is known
for very talented artists,
amazing DJs.
We're really forward in club
scenes.
Obviously we were the country
with the first gay marriage.
So I think all of these are
going to bring something
really special to this
competition.
Hello ladies!
(others scream)
- So nice!
- I'm Cheryl.
- So nice to meet you, I'm
Janey.
I don't think I'll be easily
intimidated.
- I love the blue, I must admit.
- I have so much that people
don't know
that I haven't been able
to show on my season.
So I'm just going to
gag all these bitches.
- How does it feel being the
first international queen?
- Very fun.
I was going to say you're all
UK,
so this is you against me, I
guess.
(all laugh)
- Have you been to the UK before
though?
- No, this is my first time.
- Well, welcome, diva.
- Am I doing this for my
country? I represent my country,
but I'm here for me, girl, one
hundred.
(dramatic music)
- Is she a giant?
- [Cheryl] Here we go, here we
go.
- [Baga] She's got a heart
vagina.
(all scream)
- I'm Jimbo and I'm the sexy,
big titted drag clown
from "Canada's Drag Race".
Mom, I'm home!
And I want a snack.
I came in first place.
(others laughing)
Hmm, fourth, fourth, first?
You know, it's a difference
of a few letters.
- That was a cheese and ham
toasty she just threw at me.
(others laughing)
- Oh yeah. (screams)
Jimbo and drag is all about
bigger, more.
It's my special day!
And taking the audience to
weird and wonderful places.
Someone have my finger removed.
(all cheer)
Oh my god!
I am so incredibly proud
to be representing myself
and to be representing the
clowns
and all of my beautiful country.
I'm so, so excited to here.
- [Cheryl] Well welcome to the
UK.
- [Jimbo] Oh my god.
- Welcome to the world, bitches.
(others laughing)
- You two are actually gonna
meet RuPaul.
- Oh my god, yes!
- And Michelle, I've
not even met Michelle.
- Have you not?
- No! I've not met anybody.
You've met Michelle, right?
- She sent me packing, that's
right.
(all laughing)
(dramatic music)
- [All] Whoa.
- Ooh, that looks fashiony.
- [Janey] Who that? Who that?
- Oh, oh!
- Look at them feet.
- Yes!
- Beautiful.
- [Cheryl] It's a family
reunion. (screams)
- I'm Lemon from Canada's
Drag Race season one
and I'm so excited to be here!
- [Janey] Look at the fashion,
ladies.
- I heard you missed your main
squeeze.
I made it all the way to the top
five
and I was hastily rushed out
after a makeover challenge gone
awry.
My critiques on this season were
like
almost all positive except for
my runways,
but that is not gonna happen
this time.
I had the Drag Race glow up,
I got a little lip filler,
and I'm ready to go.
- Those are Louis Vuittons!
- Oh wow, they are!
- Oh, mummy.
- She's rich.
(all laugh)
- True.
(all cheer)
- Hi, hello!
- So good to meet you.
- So I'm half Scottish.
So I'm like, okay, UK vs the
world,
like I'm on both teams,
you know what I mean?
Wow, I'm so happy, hi!
International!
I really, I'm gonna
fight till the very end.
I'm gonna make this my fantasy.
- So who's coming out on top
out of the Canadian Queens?
- Oh, very, very, very good
question.
I mean, Jimbo's a top in real
life,
but I'm a top in the
competition, know what I mean?
(all laugh)
So I think it's probably
something like that.
(all exclaim)
- Is that a flag?
- [Blu] Oh, mummy!
- Thailand!
- Oh my god!
Yes!
(all cheer)
- Are you joking?
- My name is Pangina Heals
and I am the co-host of
"Drag Race Thailand".
(speaks Thai)
Ready for Thai Tea?
'Cause Pangina Heals is in the
house!
(all cheer)
- [Blu] Oh, mummy!
- Thai drag is very meticulous.
We love the finishings and the
details.
The future of drag is onstage
today, huh.
Our approach might be very
different
and we don't like to play safe.
(all scream)
Hey guys!
- I am obsessed with the
Thailand series.
I am so blown away that
she's going to be here
and she looks absolutely
incredible.
- Does it make you nervous to
know
that we've competed and you have
not?
- Because you guys had the edge?
- Oh, we've got the edge girl.
- Is that because you have
experience?
- Oh, we've got experience.
- [Pangina] Yeah.
- Just have to sit there
and look pretty, right?
- As a co-host, I'm used
to judging other people,
but right now I am going to be
judged
by the legendary RuPaul.
So obviously it's a huge
pressure
and it's not up to me anymore.
- Well Pangina,
I'm just so happy to have
someone here
that hasn't won a challenge
as well, so thank you.
Thank you so much for coming.
(dramatic music)
- [Blu] Who the hell is this?
- Big dress.
- Oooh!
- Oh!
(all cheer)
- Hello world, I'm back!
- Whoa, oh.
- [Blu] Oh my goodness.
- Oh, girl.
- The battle ain't yours, sis,
buckle up cause I'm gonna be
here every week, thank you.
(all laugh)
Honey, my name is Monique Heart.
You know me from season 10
of "RuPaul's Drag Race All
Stars"
for I was a finalist and now,
beloved,
you see me on "Drag Race UK vs
the World".
Brown cows, stunning.
(others laugh)
I would describe Monique
aesthetic as royal, regal,
glamorous, extra singer,
writer, all around icon.
I am it, darling.
(others cheer)
- Oh my gosh.
Honey, Monique has grown and
elevated
in so many ways and I just
can't wait for you all to see.
Drag Race, I thought was mine.
All Stars I thought was mine,
and I said,
RuPaul, for you making this
competition,
"Drag Race UK vs the World"
I said, oh no, this is the one.
Look at my head, honey, don't it
fit?
Ooh, come on and put it right on
top.
Put it right on top.
- Now it's your third time,
girl.
Do you think this is the time
that you're gonna win it?
- If your pussy was that good,
you would have won the first
time, too.
(all laugh)
- Girl, girl, she's
grown a lot in two years,
but I'm back with a vengeance.
- Not, apparently, coming in a
leotard.
(all whoop)
I know I'm a force and
I will not turn it down.
- So, looking at all of us,
how do you think you're going to
do?
- I will be sending y'all hoes
home.
(others laugh)
- I'd like to see you try.
- Oh my God, the girls are
fighting.
The girls are fighting.
- It's starting.
We were all really nice
and then the US walked in,
and we're all like (growls).
(all gasp)
- Well, she got body.
- Oh, yeah.
- She got body.
- [Lemon] Oh, she got little
legs.
- I can't see a thing.
(all cheer)
- I'm Jujubee and you may know
me
from Drag Race, season two,
All Stars season one and five.
- Stunning.
- You've been expecting me.
(giggles)
I have been a part of the Drag
Race family
for over a decade.
- She just has an it
factor that's undeniable.
- A sensible 74.
(RuPaul laughs)
I'm literally a senior citizen.
(all scream)
- Oh my god, it's Jujubee.
She is a Drag Race legend.
She is an OG.
- This is nuts.
I can't believe that I
get to do this again.
- We can't either.
(all laugh)
- Yeah, okay, so I guess we
could say
that I've been around
the block a few times.
Maybe fourth time's the charm.
- But you've been in the
final every time, ain't ya?
- That's my talent, yeah, to
get to the top and then lose.
(all laugh)
I am so excited to be
representing
the United States of America
in this international
competition.
These bitches better watch out
'cause (laughs) I'm here to get
them.
- So, divas, here we are,
the first cast of "Drag
Race UK vs the World".
(all cheer)
Girls, we are fierce, we are
fabulous.
And I'm so excited to
see what everybody does.
- Same.
(alarm blares)
- Oh no, no!
Please let it be RuPaul.
- [Pangina] Please let it be
RuPaul.
- [Monique] I'm serious.
- Girl, please tell me
there's no more girls
coming in this room.
(dramatic music)
- Hello, hello, hello.
(all gasp)
(RuPaul laughs)
(all yell)
(exciting music)
- Oh my goodness.
- Oh my god, it's mother Ru.
It's my first time seeing him in
person
and of course, you're coming
down from the heavens, honey.
(all applauding)
- My queens, welcome to the
greatest drag show on Earth.
"RuPaul's Drag Race UK vs the
World".
(all cheer)
Now, I've had the pleasure of
judging
some of you in person, others
I've admired from afar.
My oh my, how your charisma,
uniqueness,
nerve and talent have blossomed.
And by blossom, I mean filler.
(all laugh)
#DragRaceUK.
At the grand finale,
one winner will be crowned
the queen of the mother-tucking
world.
(all cheer)
And record a duet with the
original
supermodel of the world.
That would be me.
(all yell)
- Oh my goodness.
I cannot believe the
winner it gets to record
a song with Ru!
I mean, I'm a recording artist,
ya know so this feels correct.
- And a portion of the proceeds
will be
split equally between Comic
Relief and Children in Need.
(all cheer)
- Here for it.
- [Baga] Fabulous, I love that.
- Ladies, for your first maxi
challenge,
I'm throwing a royal command
performance.
Tomorrow on the main stage,
each of you must showcase
one of your many talents.
- This is gonna be good.
- Now in a departure from
regular Drag Race rules,
you queens will be eliminating
each other.
- Bye!
- I'm really gonna miss you.
- (laughs) More on that later.
Graces, start your engines and
may the best drag queen win.
(all cheer)
- Bye!
- Come on, let's go.
- Let's go!
(electronic music)
- Oh my, yeah.
- Wow!
- Cool!
- It's bright.
- Oh wow.
- Honey, we're home!
(all laugh)
- Wow!
- It's smaller than our work
room,
but I think it's beautiful,
yeah.
- Yeah, ours had a giant
leaf, but this is gorge too.
- Ladies,
let's claim our sections!
(all shriek)
- [Cheryl] Right, where's my
bag?
- This is so beautiful.
It's so huge, and I cannot
wait to claim my station.
- [Lemon] Oh my God.
- Oh, Lemon.
- Nice and close.
- See, this was my station on
season one.
- Yours is there.
- Yeah, I'm gonna go there.
- Got it.
- Oh, Blu, can you
click me? Oh, thank you.
- That felt tight.
- Oh, thank you.
- Everybody's kind of
running around frantic.
It's just full of excitement.
All the girls are just
so happy to be here.
- [Baga] Oh God.
(glass shattering)
- Oh God.
- This is why we can't have nice
things.
- Sorry!
(Blu laughs)
- I'm a big fan of Baga's, we
met on tour.
And now that we're here in the
work room,
we're just having a lot of fun
together.
- So I think this is going
to be called clown corner.
- Yeah, let's call it clown
corner.
(Baga laughs)
- Would you mind unzipping me at
the back?
- Sure.
- Okay, so looking at the
competition.
- Already?
- Blu's hair was the crunchiest.
The costume to me was not that
solid.
- You didn't like it?
- I just wanted excellence.
And I did not see it.
Baga, I mean, you expect what
you expect.
- You know what I loved?
I loved that she showcased her
black bra
and her white dress.
- Baby, things like that.
Now I don't know if that was the
point.
- She look like somebody's
auntie going to a wedding.
Ooh, ah, ooh it's so shady right
now.
- I'm out of breath.
- Did you notice a change
whenever the Americans
came onto the stage?
Like in the atmosphere,
it felt really intense.
- [Cheryl] Because when they
play the game they play for-
- Yeah, yeah,
and I noticed that because
they were standing over there
reading every single one of
us while we were unpacking.
We were all just having
a nice time unpacking.
And the game started.
The game was on.
- Exactly.
- It probably means a lot to
them though,
they've been here more times
than us.
- In the words of Mariah Carey,
"Why are you so obsessed with
me?"
Because I'm a bit confused,
why we're all coming for each
other straight off the bat.
So let's just let the
talent show do the talking.
- [Baga] So is this your
first time having British tea,
cup of British tea, like the
queen?
- It's the first time a British
person served me some tea.
(Baga laughs)
Like the queen.
- So do you know what
the dog's bollocks means?
- Probably the balls.
- Yeah, but if I said to you,
"Juju, you're the dog's
bullocks."
- I'm the shit.
- Yeah.
- It means you're the
best, you're the shit.
- Yeah.
- Oh really?
I thought that would be a read,
okay.
- Minger?
- I know this one.
- Do you know a minger?
- It means you're ugly.
- A minger is like you're
busted, or you're ugly.
- You're busted.
- They haven't got a clue
what I'm going on about
if I'm totally honest,
I wanted to teach them about
steak bakes,
bangers and mash, the
underground,
Prince Andrew in Pizza Express.
Do you know what a slapper is?
- A funny joke?
- Yeah like you slap
your hands and ha ha ha.
- No, it means you're
very, very promiscuous.
- But is a slapper only for a
woman?
- No, anybody can be a slapper.
(laughs) Oh good, I love having
tea with you lot, really.
I feel like I'm on "The
View" or something.
- Baga's English lesson is
interesting.
I'm learning many new words.
None of them usable in
the common language.
- Cheers, right?
- Cheers, girls.
(teacups clink)
- You know what I love about the
UK,
instead of saying,
excuse me, or thank you,
they'll just say cheers and then
walk off.
- Cheers.
Cheers, everyone.
- Cheers!
(exciting music)
(all cheer)
- "Drag Race UK vs the World".
It's the first UK vs the
world elimination day.
And we're getting ready for
the Drag Race variety show
where we're showcasing
our own unique talent.
- Oh, my sandwich.
- Oh my god, you still got that
sandwich.
- Are you excited for today?
- I'm very excited for today
because I'm very excited
to see everybody's talent.
- Girl, I do feel like it's
gonna be a lot of songs,
and a lot of dancing.
- I think we have a lot of
dancing girls in this round.
- So Monique, I have
something to tell you,
the first ever time I met you,
I really didn't like you.
We were at a gig in Belfast,
right.
And I was on the lineup,
I was opening up for you.
And it was Brooklyn Heights
and all these massive queens.
I was so star struck, but
I remember you were like,
"Will you tie my shoelaces,
and like, hold my garments."
And then shouted at me for not
keeping them off the floor.
And I was like, "Oh my
gosh, she's such a diva."
I mean, of all the queens
in Drag Race her-story
Monique is probably one of the
only ones
that I have had this kind of
moment with.
but it's weird being
in the same work room,
so why not bring it up and
you know, flatten this beef?
(laughs) I can't believe I have
a beef.
- I was moreso nervous of having
garments
that they could read.
- Of course.
- And so I totally apologize for
that.
- It was, no, not at all, I
just-
- We all have Alyssa Edward
moments, okay.
- It's just crazy the
difference in one day can make
in this room, of getting to know
someone.
Because I honestly would have
probably
harbored that until I met you
again.
You know, just been like, you
know-
- She's a bitch.
- She's a bit of a diva.
- I do apologize, but I'll
call you when I need to zip.
Thank you!
- Cheryl's over there.
(both laugh)
- So looking around the room.
- Yes, baby?
- First elimination
day, how does that feel?
- One thing, everyone is on
such a high caliber of drag.
But with that said,
I think there's added pressure
with us, you know,
representing our country.
- But do you feel like that
puts even more pressure for you
because when you fuck up, girl,
your whole country is going to
be like,
"Oh, so you're representing us
and this is what you brought?"
- Yeah, I am nervous as hell.
But then you gotta take
that out of your mind.
- You gotta be confident
in what you're doing.
- Yeah and you gotta just
represent you.
- You haven't ever been judged.
- I have been judged a
lot in my life just not-
- But not by a panel of judges.
- Yeah.
- Right, are you scared of them?
- I'm really good with taking
criticisms and penises.
So I am just excited to
see what they will say.
I'll take it, I mean it, if
you can't take the criticism,
you can't learn.
But the thing is,
I feel like I'm sure
everyone has their mind
in the game to play fair.
I'm hoping, girl.
- You're hoping, girl,
that's just the thing, you never
know.
- You never know.
I think it's gonna take
time for me to be confident
and comfortable because
I've never done this before
and all the other girls have,
so I need to just sink my
teeth in and see how things go.
But I am a fast learner.
- Can you believe it is
elimination day already?
- No, honestly.
How do you feel?
- Well, it's a feeling that I
felt before.
- How many times?
- This will be my fourth time.
- Yeah.
- Although it's similar,
it's completely different
because it's the entire world
competing.
- And it's scary 'cause it's
week one,
so one little mistake.
- And you're out and like girl,
I feel so good having you,
having you, and having Blu
because you three are actually
like my
three closest queens.
- So what's the deal with you
and Jimbo?
Are you guys like actually
sisters?
- I really love Jimbo,
yeah, but we don't text.
I don't even know if I have her
number.
After the show I think she felt
robbed.
She felt like she deserved to be
there,
but I'm like, it's a
competition.
Anything can happen.
I think when you take
things like that personally,
you have to realize it's bigger
than you.
It was all of Canada.
And then there were
such tough competitors.
- Yeah.
- Honestly, I'm not surprised
that Lemon and Jimbo
aren't as close,
because everybody's just
expects sisters to get on
because you're forced
into this environment
and you just think,
"Oh, we're gonna be amazing,
sisters."
Not everybody's gonna get on.
Not everybody's gonna gel.
- It's scary 'cause you
want to like rep for
your whole country too.
And it does feel like all of
Canada
is looking at me and Jimbo.
All of the UK is looking
at you three, you know?
- But I don't want anybody to
think
that just because we're
in the UK right now
there's any hierarchy or
favoritism or anything like
that.
- It has been UK versus the
world for centuries, darling.
(upbeat dance music)
- So ladies, when you think of
UK drag,
what do you think of?
- [Monique] Comedy.
- Comedy?
- Comedy, yeah.
- Do you think of like Baga
Chipz queens?
- You're funny.
- Actresses.
- Actresses?
- [Lemon] I would say alcohol.
(others laugh)
- I think of you and Sum
Ting Wong's hairline.
(all laugh)
- But how would you
describe the local drag
for Canadian girls then?
- [Lemon] I don't even know.
- I think it's a lot of
like cabaret alternative
performance-based, there's
like not a pageant scene really
in Canada that much, right?
- Yeah, but I think Canada
is like such a melting pot
of people that like
the drag is so, I mean,
literally me and Jimbo are like,
the complete opposite
person, you know what I mean?
- Well, let me ask you girls.
I don't know how many have seen
my season
all the way through.
- I've seen it,
"Nippa, nippa, nippa!"
- But how do you girls
look at drag from Holland
if you've been or not been or-
- I was gagged to be perfectly
honest,
like I felt Holland had
one of the strongest
introductions to the world.
- Yeah, the looks were on point.
- We were like gagged
as far as, I'm serious.
- What about Thailand?
I want to hear about it.
- We don't have the same
word in Thai for drag.
Like it doesn't translate.
- Oh, is it something that you
can do
as like a full-time job over
there?
- If you're good at it.
(Blu laughs)
I've opened my own clubs.
So the girls are working there
now.
But because of the show,
a lot of girls are working in
other venues
other than just drag.
One of the other girls
that I know is a farmer,
a shrimp farmer.
- Oh wow.
- By day, but she doesn't
eat her own shrimp.
It's a rule, you can't, it's bad
luck.
- Do you know what
guys? I'm not gonna lie.
I'm not gonna lie.
We are who we are and I'm gonna
bring it
on the fucking runway tonight.
So let's do it and live
your authentic life.
And that is to all my
fans around the world.
- Thanks, Baga.
Very motivational, girl.
- That makes me feel much
better.
- Did that make you feel much
better?
(electronic music)
(dramatic club music)
(RuPaul laughs)
♪ Cover girl ♪
♪ Put the bass in your walk ♪
♪ Head to toe, let your whole
body talk ♪
(panel applauds)
- Welcome to the main stage
of "RuPaul's Drag Race UK vs the
World".
Michelle Visage.
Now, what is your favorite place
on Earth?
- Sitting right next to you of
course.
- Aw, and what's your
second favorite place?
- Primark, River Island and H&M.
Too soon?
(RuPaul laughs)
- And international
treasure, Graham Norton.
Graham, are you bilingual?
- Well, let's just say
I've had some experience
with foreign tongues.
(RuPaul and Michelle laugh)
- And the incredible Melanie C.
Now what's the difference
between working with drag queens
versus the Spice Girls?
- Nothing, really.
(all laugh)
- We are so happy you're here.
This week, we challenged our
girls
to turn out their international
charisma, uniqueness,
nerve and talent in a variety
performance fit for a queen.
Tonight on the runway, category
is
I'm a winner, baby.
Racers, start your engines and
may the best drag queen win.
(dramatic music)
- Welcome to the first annual
royal command performance
of "RuPaul's Drag Race UK vs the
World".
First up from Canada, it's
Lemon.
♪ Sweet and sour, I'm sweet and
sour ♪
♪ Sweet and sour, I'm
sweet and sour, bitch ♪
♪ International all-star suits
me better ♪
♪ I look good in a crown
so I'm back to get her ♪
♪ Dripping in brownstones,
pearls and feathers ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm Louis Vuitton
and you're Sketchers ♪
♪ Been a hard year, but I still
got paid ♪
♪ When life gives you
lemon, blah, blah lemonade ♪
♪ Now I'm back for vengeance,
didn't come to play ♪
♪ If you thought you were
straight, I just made you gay ♪
♪ 'Cause I'll make you
fall in love, like Cupid ♪
♪ The only thing the other
girls are doing is stupid ♪
♪ I'll be kicking 'em down like
Sparta ♪
♪ Make 'em sink like a party
boat in Puerto Vallarta ♪
(upbeat dance music)
♪ Sweet and sour, I'm sweet and
sour ♪
♪ Sweet and sour, I'm
sweet and sour, bitch ♪
♪ Don't jump if you're not gonna
split ♪
♪ And don't talk ish if
you're not that chick ♪
♪ But I'm that chick
so I jump and I split ♪
♪ I'm a litty splitty
bitty and I'm back for it ♪
♪ Easy peasy, Lemon squeezy ♪
♪ I look sweet and you look
sleazy ♪
♪ I'm not done ♪
♪ Put you on the run ♪
♪ Read you down for fun
and I'm still the one ♪
♪ L-E-M-O-N has you shook ♪
♪ Just spent your net worth on
one look ♪
♪ Just trying to be honest, not
shady ♪
♪ We all got the same
time, use it better maybe ♪
♪ Sweet and sour, I'm sweet and
sour ♪
♪ Sweet and sour, I'm
sweet and sour, bitch ♪
(all cheer)
- Okay so we know that
Canada gets free healthcare
because ouch!
- She just split, are you're
kidding?
- DJ, hit it!
(upbeat dance music)
♪ Let me introduce ya ♪
♪ To the king of claret ♪
♪ The ever lasting father ♪
♪ The one who is holy ♪
♪ He's redeemed us to God ♪
♪ Through the blood of his son ♪
♪ And we all can't wait to
hear him say well done ♪
♪ Do you know I paid such a high
price ♪
♪ Baby for you ♪
♪ Can you name a better
sacrifice ♪
♪ Name a wall that I can't pray
♪
♪ To the depths of hell
I'd go to save you ♪
♪ Because I'm rich in love ♪
♪ Praying a message from above ♪
♪ Just a little tell me,
you sure make it all right ♪
♪ He'll give you what you want ♪
♪ He'll give you what you need ♪
♪ He'll give you everything
you couldn't pay for ♪
♪ What you couldn't save for ♪
♪ What you couldn't plead ♪
♪ He'll give you what you want ♪
♪ He'll give you what you need ♪
♪ He'll give everything
you couldn't pay for ♪
♪ What you couldn't save for ♪
♪ What you couldn't ♪
(all cheer)
(upbeat dance music)
♪ I know you want it ♪
♪ You wanna touch it ♪
♪ You wanna kiss it ♪
♪ Oh baby lick it ♪
♪ Mmm ♪
♪ I know you want it ♪
♪ You wanna touch it ♪
♪ You wanna kiss it ♪
♪ Oh baby lick it ♪
♪ I-I-I, I wanna suck ♪
♪ I wanna suck ♪
♪ I wanna suck your P ♪
♪ I can go on ♪
♪ I wanna ♪
♪ I wanna suck your P ♪
♪ Don't turn round, I know you
want it ♪
want it. ♪
♪ I know you want it ♪
♪ You wanna touch it ♪
- Not much of a performance,
basically a glorified stripper.
Though she is from Amsterdam.
(all clap)
- It's me, Baga Chipz.
Put on those dancing shoes
and leave those umbrellas at
home!
♪ I'm so much better, now we're
together ♪
♪ I'm so much better,
just don't upset her ♪
♪ I'm so much better, now we're
together ♪
♪ I'm so much better,
just don't upset her ♪
♪ Your love, it keeps on
reminding me ♪
♪ Much better ♪
♪ Just go together ♪
♪ Your love it keeps on
reminding me ♪
♪ I'm much better ♪
♪ Your love it keeps
on reminding me, yeah ♪
♪ I think I'm ready to go ♪
♪ On the dance floor ♪
♪ Brought all the friends of
mine ♪
♪ 'Cause we're running out of
time ♪
♪ We're running out of time ♪
♪ B-B-baby, yeah ♪
♪ Your love, it keeps on
reminding me ♪
♪ I'm so much better, way much
better ♪
- This is the most drunk woman
in the country doing karaoke.
- Baga Chipz is stunning.
But RuPaul is much better.
Much better.
(all laugh)
(epic music)
(Jimbo laughs)
(playful music)
- Ooh, ah.
Ah!
(all laugh)
You got to, you got to,
come on, come on, come on.
Ah!
(all laugh)
(Jimbo cries)
- Oh.
(creepy music)
(Jimbo wails)
Oh! (giggles)
(ham splats)
Ah!
(all laugh)
- What's going on?
- Woo, ah!
(all laugh)
(Jimbo sings)
Are you hungry?
- No!
- Yeah, Momma, you hungry?
- Yes.
- Catch.
(others cheer)
Yes, woo hoo!
(playful music)
- I thought I was mad.
- Talent. (laughs)
- Hello divas, guess
who's back in the house?
Well, not my house, Mama Ru's
house, yes.
Now, you know me for being
a little mediocre, but baby,
this hoe has grown and I'm
ready to take it all in.
♪ The story starts with chapter
one ♪
♪ Way back when the race begun ♪
♪ I did the most, but made you
gag ♪
♪ No badges but who really needs
a badge ♪
♪ Get my pussy up the
level up, listen up dolls ♪
♪ This Hole won't be no runner
up ♪
♪ I'm not threatened,
drop me out, drop me out ♪
♪ Drop, drop, drop, drop me out
♪
♪ Ru, I've just got one thing to
ask ♪
♪ You all right, babe ♪
♪ I'm a star ♪
♪ Look at them, they won't go
far ♪
♪ I'm a star ♪
- If you take a drink
anytime Cheryl says mediocre,
diva or Essex, you're
probably steaming right now.
- [Voice] Cheryl do you have any
tricks?
- Is this the part I do a death
drop?
(all cheer)
(RuPaul laughs)
(gentle music)
♪ London, Tokyo ♪
♪ The places I wanna go ♪
♪ New York, home away from home
♪
♪ Take me to where things are
happening ♪
♪ Where we can float among the
stars ♪
♪ I look around and everywhere
I've been ♪
♪ Holds the pieces of my heart ♪
♪ This feels like a dream I
can't ignore ♪
♪ This feels like
something I felt before ♪
♪ If it's something new, deja vu
♪
♪ Here I am ♪
♪ Like a wave to the
shore, I'm back for more ♪
♪ Back, back, back,
back, I'm back for more ♪
- I would put my lighter
in the air for that
and then I'd put it right
on the bottom of that dress.
♪ You know I'm back for more ♪
♪ I'm back for more ♪
(all cheer)
(someone knocking)
- Who's there?
It's Pangina Heals.
Pangina who?
Exactly.
♪ It's Pangina Heals ♪
♪ And now I'm in the house ♪
♪ All the way from Thailand ♪
♪ Let me tell you what I'm 'bout
♪
♪ Once upon a time, a judge ♪
♪ And now a contestant ♪
♪ Less about learning,
I'm here for the lesson ♪
♪ Fierce, friendly fashion ♪
♪ I'm a little stupid ♪
♪ When I'm excited ♪
♪ My mangina gets humid ♪
♪ My motto's always been,
fight for your life ♪
♪ If you cook like my husband ♪
♪ I can be your wife ♪
♪ My face is very snatched,
yes it's the Botox ♪
♪ Where am I from, it's called
Bangkok ♪
♪ Kok, kok, kok, kok ♪
♪ Fight for your life ♪
♪ Dance through the night ♪
♪ No bigger high ♪
♪ In drag you can fly ♪
♪ Now back that wine ♪
♪ Those eyes be lying ♪
♪ All this you can feel ♪
♪ Pangina Heals ♪
♪ This dance that I'm about to
do ♪
♪ Is a freestyle dance from the
70s ♪
♪ Called wacking ♪
♪ You guys ready to see me wack
♪
- Yeah!
- So fast!
Ooh, wow!
Look how far I can spread my
legs.
♪ She wears high heels ♪
♪ Never ever Crocs ♪
♪ They ask her where she's from
♪
♪ She's from Bangkok ♪
♪ Kok, kok, kok, kok, kok, kok ♪
♪ Pangina, what ♪
♪ Her name is Pangina Heals ♪
(all cheer)
(exciting music)
♪ Blu, yeah ♪
♪ Becky, yeah ♪
♪ Claire, uh huh ♪
♪ Let's go ♪
♪ It's hard to top when
you bottom everyday ♪
♪ Who are you ♪
♪ Get a clue ♪
♪ But bend over 'cause
I'm here to dominate ♪
♪ That much is true ♪
♪ Enjoy the view ♪
♪ I'm pretty, I'm cute ♪
♪ This is my real hair ♪
♪ And if you don't believe me ♪
♪ Then just ask my friend Claire
♪
♪ B-L-U ♪
♪ Baby join the queue ♪
♪ You know what to do ♪
- Blu Hydrangea is killing me.
The girl in the back is
drunk, but it's okay.
♪ R-N-G-A oh wait, I spelled
that wrong ♪
♪ This ain't a spelling bee ♪
♪ Come on and sing along ♪
♪ B-L-U ♪
♪ Baby join the queue ♪
♪ We got room for you ♪
♪ Eenie, meanie, minie, mo ♪
♪ Which judge do I have to blow?
♪
♪ I can taste the crown
'cause I'm a winner ♪
♪ I'm on my knees Ru, what's for
dinner ♪
(RuPaul laughs)
♪ B-L-U ♪
♪ Baby join the queue ♪
♪ We got room for you ♪
- Bitch, you just stood on my
toe!
(all laugh)
Good job, girls!
♪ Nobody's business ♪
♪ Come on, come on, come on ♪
- Category is, I'm a winner
baby.
First up, Lemon.
- Look at the lemons on that.
- I am giving you pageant
perfection.
I wanted to be my little pageant
girl,
all grown up and finally
winning her biggest crown yet.
And I feel polished to filth.
My waist is snatched
and I am giving you Cannes
Film Festival flawless.
- Tonight's story, the princess
and the D.
(all laugh)
- It's extravagant, it's
elevated.
And I feel like a princess.
I don't think I've ever
looked this beautiful.
And honestly, I hope the
judges can see what I see.
- Lemon's not bitter, but
she's definitely a tart.
(others laugh)
Up next, Monique Heart.
Oh my goodness, how green is her
valley?
- Someone paid excess baggage.
- I am in this hunter emerald
green,
looking so lush.
Over 180 yards of fabric
darling.
- Well the fabric shop is now
closed
'cause there's nothing left.
(Mel laughs)
- I'm paying tribute
to my African heritage.
I look so regal, so royal.
Take it in, darling.
- Will someone please tell the
man
who sweeps the stage that he
can go home early tonight?
(all laugh)
Janey Jacke.
- [Graham] Copper feel of that.
- Yes.
- I'm serving ultimate
glam, gorgeous woman,
body, yada, yada.
The shapes are right,
Swarovski all over, honey.
(claps) Done.
- I can see her Netherlands.
(others laugh)
- [Janey] I'm a winner baby,
because I am at the end of the
pageant.
The back is out with some light
crystal
sprinkled all over, it all
matches.
- Dutch this skin, Dutch all of
this skin.
- Dutch all of this skin.
(others laugh)
Ladies and gentlemen, Baga
Chipz.
- Mm, oven ready.
(all laugh)
- I am paying homage to
the golden Hollywood era.
I am becoming an Oscar.
The Academy Award goes
to, because in my future,
I am gonna win maybe multiple
Oscars.
- Joan of Lark.
- I wanted be very stiff, like a
statue.
I'm not just winning an
award, I am the award.
- That's where I left my Brit
Award
(Graham and Michelle laugh)
- [RuPaul] Up next, Jimbo.
- Ooh, she's gonna have
someone's eye out with them.
- I am serving as a
monochromatic
evil chess piece realness.
I am the queen of this board
and I am ready to say checkmate.
- Next time you clean the
chimney open the flue.
(all laugh)
- She was looking for Santa.
- This look definitely shows my
elevation.
This shows that I am not here to
play.
I came to slay and I am
here to show these bitches,
I am going to send your asses
packing,
so that I can be the winner
baby.
- Do my wrists look fat in this?
- [RuPaul] Up next, Cheryl Hole.
- Raw by galaxy.
- [Cheryl] I'm giving
you the full experience,
the quintessential blonde
Cheryl hair, star titties,
so you can't forget them.
And I have got gold train for
days.
- Not for the first time,
there's a stiff one behind her.
(all laugh)
- I have definitely stepped up
my game
because this is UK versus the
world.
You have to bring it on the
runway and I'm going to bring it
on the runway and your mum's
house and your dad's car.
- [RuPaul] I'm giving
this dress two stars.
Up next, Jujubee.
- Juju beat it?
- Girl, I won this racing
pageant
and I'm just giving you
Merlot lips, my hair is high.
I'm gorgeous.
I'm wearing snowflakes and I
am serving it to the judges.
- [Graham] Eggplant emoji got a
make over.
- [RuPaul] Uh huh!
- I am feeling gorgeous,
I feel like a supermodel.
I feel like Asian Barbie's mom.
- Merlot you better go.
(Michelle laughs)
- [Graham] She'll be Malbec.
- Okay, Lady Chablis.
- [RuPaul] Up next, Pangina
Heals.
- [Pangina] From head to toe,
I am wearing all Thai inspired
couture.
My head dress is inspired by a
goddess
and the dress itself is
hand-stitched with Thai alphabet
running across my chest.
- She's giving us an eyeful.
(others laugh)
Get it, a tower, an Eiffel
tower.
- I am taking this opportunity
for my first ever runway
to showcase that I am a winner
and a winner from Thailand.
Putting us onto the world map.
(speaks Thai)
- Suddenly my telly's got
channels it didn't have before.
(others laugh)
- [RuPaul] Up next, Blu
Hydrangea.
- Trolls aren't just online
anymore.
- No, they're not.
- I am serving BDSM troll
doll that just had sex
with a highlighter pen.
It's fun to look at.
It's a bit weird and it's
really bright and colorful,
which is just Blu.
Oh, oh, oh.
- Wow.
- I'm wanking my hair?
(others laugh)
- Blu on season one could
never turn a look like this.
It's a bit edgy, punk
rock and it's expensive.
- [Graham] She's using
her platforms for good.
(others laugh)
♪ That's how I wanna hold you ♪
- Welcome ladies.
The official rules are as
follows.
After critiques,
I will choose the top
two queens of the week.
They will go head to head and
toe to toe
in a lip-sync for the world.
And the winner gets the power
to eliminate one of the bottom
queens.
(tense music)
Now, based on your performances
and your runway presentations,
I've made some decisions.
When I call your name,
please step forward.
Monique Heart.
Jujubee.
Cheryl Hole.
I'm sorry, my dears.
But you are all safe.
You may step to the back of the
stage.
Ladies, you represent the
tops and bottoms of the week.
Now it's time for the judges'
critiques
Up first, Lemon.
- Hi Lemon.
- Hi.
- Welcome to the UK.
- Thank you.
- You had a really hard job
because starting off one of
these things,
you were kind of setting the
tone,
and I thought you did a great
job of that.
The lyrics were funny,
there were jokes in there.
I did worry that you'd
brought a huge staircase
with you for no fucking point at
all.
I'm guessing she'll go
up them at some point.
Well, you did, Jesus, squashed
lemons.
(all scream)
- That jump you know, it's
impressive, but I will say this.
I feel like we've seen it
before.
- Well, Lemon, I loved the song.
I think one of the things for
me, it lacked, with some face.
You know, you looked a little
nonchalant.
- Tonight, I think you looked
pretty.
I think you look like a pageant
winner.
Is a beautiful? Yes.
Do I think you can elevate
higher than that? Yes.
- Having heard the critiques,
what would you have
done differently, Lemon?
- Probably everything.
I just wanted to show you
guys what it would be like
if you came and saw
the Lemon Extravaganza,
but obviously I've got
to push it a lot further.
- All right, thank you.
- Thank you.
- All right, up next, Janey
Jacke.
- Hi Janey.
I wanna start with this look
because it is so beautiful.
I wish that taste was in the
outfits
that you were wearing in your
performance.
Five looks is daring,
but the issue was you started
on a black patent kind of PVC.
And then when you took it down,
we kind of saw these swinging
arms underneath the dress.
The stuff was just a little
ill fitting all around.
- I mean, I know how difficult
a quick change is offstage,
nevermind onstage, but it
felt a little bit cheap.
- What I appreciated
was you brought variety,
though it didn't yell kind of
world-class
in the way that we can now see
you are.
- All right, thank you.
Up next, Baga Chipz.
- Hello.
- Baga, I think you completely
embody
the humor of British
drag, and I love that.
You are giving me lots of
Spice Girl inspiration tonight.
You lip-sync badly.
(others laugh)
- To her own song!
- (laughs) But when you
were performing, I was like,
there's a resemblance, Posh
Spice!
(others laugh)
But you know what, your
vocals are much better.
(others laugh)
- I had so much fun with that
song.
It was so infectious
immediately.
- Tonight, I'm so confused.
I don't know if you're Joan of
Arc.
I don't know if you're King
Arthur.
- Yeah, it's 'cause I was
like, I wanted to be an Oscar
and I was like-
- An Oscar, okay.
The idea of an Oscar, I get it
now.
I get it because you're a
winner.
(RuPaul laughs)
- I thought in my mind,
they're all gonna come
in like pageant queens
and be very pageantry
and I was like, I wanna
win RuPaul's Drag Race,
but the next best thing's an
Oscar.
- Yeah, well listen,
based on your interpretation of
the Oscar,
we won't have to worry about
copyright infringement.
(all laugh)
Thank you Baga.
- Thank you so much.
- Up next, Jimbo.
- I love your kind of drag.
What I really appreciated about
your act
was you got in a plane in Canada
going,
"Yeah, I'll do the PVC
with the cold meat act."
I just love the confidence of
that.
It was really, really funny.
- I was confused.
The despair I felt when the box
was empty,
then you birthing meat, I was
elated.
It stuck to you, even better.
It was outstandingly weird
and I absolutely loved it.
- Thank you so much, Mel.
- Tonight, my goodness.
This is magical, Jimbo.
The details, the little balls,
all of it is just beautiful.
- I am blown away by this
outfit and I loved your act.
Was that the first time
you've done that specific act?
- I have performed as that
character once before.
- (laughs) Okay.
For the Royal family, probably.
(all laugh)
- That's right, yeah.
Thank you.
- Thank you.
(RuPaul laughs)
- All right, up next, Pangina
Heals.
- Hi Pangina.
(speaks Thai)
So excited you're here.
- I'm honored to be here.
- I would imagine coming in
and showing the vulnerability
of being a contestant probably
has a lot of pressure on you.
A lot of stress.
- All my friends were like,
"Oh, if you come back on the
first week,
we're not gonna talk to you
anymore."
(all laughing)
- Pangina, I couldn't
take my eyes off you.
It was one of my favorite
performances in the variety show
and this outfit tonight,
to be able to celebrate
your culture in such a beautiful
way.
I really appreciate that.
- I love you so much Mel C.
'Cause you were like, for me,
like you taught me girl power.
Gaga taught me how to be a
woman.
And RuPaul taught me
how to be a drag queen.
And you're my like comedy icon.
- Whatever, you're too late now.
- [Pangina] I watch, no!
(all laugh)
- I love getting to know so much
about you
in such a short amount of time.
And that's what this challenge
is really designed to do.
I'm very, very impressed.
And you look beautiful tonight.
Well, thank you.
- Thank you.
- Blu Hydrangea.
- Blu, how are you?
- I'm good thank you, how are
you?
- I'm well, thank you.
Let's start with your
performance.
It was so fun.
- The one thing I've always
struggled with you Blu is,
you're so sweet and you're so
young,
it's always a shock when you're
quite as filthy as you are,
(all laugh)
I mean, I'm not a prude.
But I'm always like, slightly
kinda, ooh.
- Blu, welcome back.
- Thank you.
- Had you done that act before?
- I have with the Spice Girls.
- [RuPaul] Really?
- I was Geri, and I had
obviously
life-sized versions of you on my
side.
- Oh, that's a way of
keeping Geri in time.
(all laugh)
We should do that next time we
go out.
I absolutely loved your
performance.
I think it might've been
my favorite, actually.
- The look tonight, the
troll meets club kid,
but I don't know if it says I'm
a winner.
- I'm completely confused.
I feel like you got the wrong
memo.
So as great as it is, I
think it's a great look.
It just really didn't
fit into the vibe for me.
- Thank you.
- Ladies, based on the judges'
critiques,
I've made some decisions.
Jimbo,
Pangina Heals.
You are the top two queens of
the week.
Congratulations.
(others applaud)
Baga Chipz, Blu Hydrangea,
you are both safe.
Lemon, Janey Jacke, I'm sorry,
my dears,
but you are in the bottom.
Jimbo, Pangina.
Each of you needs to decide
which of the bottom queens
you'll eliminate if you win the
lip sync.
So, while you queens
deliberate in the workroom,
the judges and I will
pop down to the chippy.
(others laugh)
You may leave the stage.
- Yes!
- Yes, we did it!
- Can't believe it.
- The top, oh my God.
- Never topped before.
- I love being a top.
Makes me so thirsty.
- Ooh, we get to have a
cocktail.
Do they have ice?
Baby, I am cracked, after all
this fabric,
but at least the bitch ain't
going home.
- [Cheryl] Well divas,
con-drag-ulations to the top
two.
(all cheer)
- Cheers!
- Oh my god!
- How do you feel, Pangina
and Jimbo, winning?
- I just can't believe
it, like last night,
I was like, for sure,
I'm going home first because
I'm so inspired by you guys
and I watch you guys and I'm
like,
they're so nice in person
and Cheryl, she's so nice.
Like, up-close, 'cause on
TV, I was like, I hated her.
(all laugh)
- Girl, everybody did.
- I was like, she's
really not that annoying.
- You haven't even competed on a
season.
So I just want to say you
are phenomenal, truly.
- Thank you.
I have just leveled up like a
Pokemon.
I wanted to show these girls,
not only am I a judge
on "Drag Race Thailand",
but that I still got it.
But what about you?
- I am blown away, I am so over
the moon,
it is my dream to clown for
Ru and I was taking a risk,
but of course it's so terrifying
because everyone is so
incredible.
We have all just come together.
We've flown so far competing
to become, you know,
the best drag queen in the
world.
And so it's a really hard thing
to have to send someone home.
- Lemon, my diva, how are you
doing?
Because I've just got to
say, you did turn that out.
- You did, you screamed-
- You with your litty kitty.
- I feel
shook. (laughs)
I didn't quite like expect
to be in the bottom.
And I have been in this
exact position before.
And I just really wanted to,
sorry. (sobs)
- Lemon, I think I speak for
everyone
when we thought you were
amazing.
And we were gagged.
- I do not think that I
had the worst performance
by a long shot.
And I don't think that
I had the worst runway.
- How do you feel, Janey?
- We're all coming here being
invited, UK versus the world.
We're all really great
entertainers.
We all bring something
really elevated and amazing.
So it is nitpicking, it's
that small little details.
It's those little, little
things.
It sucks being in that position
now,
but fine bitch, who's gonna go
home?
- Okay, Pangina and I have
our work cut out for us.
We've got to have a little
meeting with the girls.
Can I go with first Pangina?
- Yeah, come on sis.
- I mean, no one wants to go
home first.
I really feel for Lemon and
Janey because
I don't wanna be in their shoes.
(laughs)
- It's so hard, in the back
of my mind, I'm just like,
my sister is in pain.
- I have to be here and
I have so much to show.
- You've so much to show.
- And, I'm just, you know.
- Oh God, it's hard.
I wanna say, I'm just going
to pick you, but I can't.
I have to listen to Janey
and I have to really think about
it.
- I don't know if there's
this Canadian sisterhood
that would go beyond a
competition.
Jimbo does know what I'm capable
of.
And I hope that she would
give me another shot.
- How are you feeling?
- It sucks being in the bottom.
- Yeah.
And we're like from the
country that basically
the only representative, so
I understand how you feel
and it's crazy, 'cause
I'm closer to you too.
- We really got to know each
other, girl.
- Yeah, for sure.
I think I made a connection with
Janey
and I don't know if it's
enough for me to save her
because a reveal is supposed
to be like, wow, wow, wow!
But it's more like, mm, huh, oh.
- I think based on the judges'
critiques,
I did bring an original act.
Lemon did something that
they said, "We've seen this."
We both did a pageantry look.
I think mine was more elevated.
- Okay, thank you.
- I'm hoping that Pangina
would actually save me
because we have been
keekeeing and it's cute,
but you don't know if they're
gonna go
for alliances or feedback.
- How do you think the
winners are gonna vote?
'Cause I'm sitting here-
- I think I know.
- The way that they split up,
like Jimbo and Lemon,
are from the same season.
- And they have literally
been glued to the hip.
- Glued.
- Let me just say like right off
the bat,
that performance, legendary,
it's gonna be means, it's gonna
be insane.
'Cause couldn't believe
you jumped from there.
- (laughs) Thank you.
- Iconic.
That performance was insane.
I cannot believe she did that.
But was it original,
have I seen it before?
Definitely.
- It just feel like tonight
should not be the night
that I go home.
Tonight should not be the end
of my run in this competition.
But I know you guys are close.
- I don't think it's even
the fact that we're close.
Like, honestly I want you to
know,
like that's not gonna
be in my deciding factor
and I can feel that you
really wanna be here.
- Definitely, really do.
I don't know that either girl
has even
made up their mind yet,
but I can't help but feel
like there's a right decision
in this thing, and the right
decision is to keep me.
- I thought you were amazing
and I loved your concept
and yeah, you know,
you wanna say that you're
going to look after your sister
because of your bond, but you
know,
it's kind of to my
advantage to get rid of her
because then I'm the queen of
Canada here.
- Right.
- But then at the same
time, she's my sister.
So it's really difficult.
- True.
- Jimbo keeps bringing Lemon up,
but I'm trying to fight
here for my place, girl,
let me talk about me.
- God, it's so hard
because I also didn't like
that your sleeves were
dangling under that dress.
So I'm like, hmm.
I almost wanna rock paper
scissor it.
- Yeah.
- I have a lot to bring,
and there's only one.
- There's only one Holland girl
here.
- So that should go on
more into the competition.
- You don't want a whole
country to be like, "You bitch!"
But either way a whole country's
gonna say you're a bitch.
So I'm like damn.
- [Janey] I'll leave you to it.
- Oh, this is so hard.
What would you do, tiny
umbrella?
Any advice?
Oh, you're no help at all.
- Hi guys, fish and chips are on
me.
Michelle, what are you gonna
have?
- Okay, I'll keep it
simple, no fish, chips only,
but the chips can't be fried
in the same oil as the fish
'cause gluten, so chips
only, separate oil.
- Okay, sure.
Melanie?
- I would like chips, peas and
gravy.
Mushy peas, but not too mushy.
- Just a little bit mushy.
Okay, got it.
Graham, what are you gonna have?
- Ooh, I'll have a nice
big battered sausage,
Obviously, no batter.
- Got it, great.
Hello?
I'd like to order three large
pepperoni pizzas, please.
- Ooh, i we're going to do
pizza-
- Silence, I've made my
decision.
Bring back my girls.
Oh and what are you wearing?
(others laugh)
- Going into this deliberation,
it's quite tough because
we gotta send girls home.
I have a lot to think about.
So I'm basing this on
what the judges say and what
I've seen in the performance.
It's really tough.
But I have to do it.
- When determining my choice,
it's a lot of good versus evil.
The good's, like, "Ooh,
save your little sister."
The evil's like, "Send the bitch
home."
Janey Jacke, I love her.
And so I wanna really give
her the benefit of the doubt.
And so it's a lot of pressure
to make the right decision.
(suspenseful music)
- Welcome back ladies.
Two internationally acclaimed
queens stand before me.
Prior to tonight,
you were asked to prepare
a lip-sync performance
of "Say You'll Be There"
by the Spice Girls.
Ladies, this is your chance to
impress me
and earn the power
to give one of the bottom queens
the chop.
- Now I have to do a lip
sync to a Spice Girls song
in front of a Spice Girl.
Can you ask for more in your
life?
- The time has come.
For you to lip sync for the
world!
- I am praying to the Spice Gods
to take over this body and to
elevate me
to the winning position.
- Good luck.
And don't fuck it up.
(pop music)
♪ Yeah, say you'll be there ♪
♪ Giving you everything ♪
♪ All that joy can bring ♪
♪ This I swear ♪
♪ Last time that we
had this conversation ♪
♪ I decided we should be
friends, hey ♪
♪ But now we're going round in
circles ♪
♪ Tell me will this deja vu
never end ♪
♪ But any fool can see they're
falling ♪
♪ I gotta make you understand ♪
♪ I'm giving you everything ♪
♪ All that joy can bring ♪
♪ This I swear ♪
♪ I'll give you everything ♪
♪ And all that I want from you ♪
♪ Is a promise you will be there
♪
♪ Say you'll be there ♪
♪ Oh, say you will be there ♪
♪ Won't you sing it with me ♪
♪ If you put two and two
together ♪
♪ You will see what
our friendship is for ♪
♪ If you can't work this
equation ♪
♪ Then I guess I'll have
to show you the door ♪
♪ There is no need to say you
love me ♪
♪ It would be better left unsaid
♪
♪ I'll give you everything ♪
♪ On this I swear ♪
♪ Just promise you'll always be
there ♪
♪ I'm giving you everything ♪
♪ All that joy can bring ♪
♪ This I swear ♪
♪ Yes, I swear ♪
♪ And all that I want from you ♪
♪ Is a promise you will be there
♪
♪ I want you to promise to ♪
♪ Always be there ♪
(all applaud)
(RuPaul laughs)
- Such a great song.
Ladies, I've made my decision.
Pangina Heels,
con-drag-ulations.
You're a winner, baby.
(all clap)
- Oh my god!
Thank you, thank you so much.
- And you're the recipient
of a gold RuPeter badge.
♪ Ru's Brittania ♪
- Wear it with pride.
(all clap)
Jimbo, you are safe to slay
another day.
- Thank you so much.
- You may join the other girls.
- Make it shake.
I did not do good.
- Will the bottom two
queens please step forward?
- Oh shit, shit, shit, shit,
shit.
- Pangina, with great power
comes great responsibility.
Which queen have you
chosen to get the chop?
(tense music)
- I am not playing favoritism.
I've known everyone the
same amount of time,
but I'm choosing this
person out of the idea
of which show was original
and I have made the decision
that I'm sending Lemon home.
(electronic music)
I'm sorry.
- I love you, you are amazing.
- Thank you so much.
- As it is written, so it shall
be done.
Lemon, you are and will
always be a global phenomenon.
Now, sashay away.
- Thank you all so much.
I'm honored to have even been
here
and I'm a little shook up, but
thank you.
- I'm so sorry.
- It's okay, thank you so much.
(all clap)
- I'm so sorry.
- That's okay.
- No it's okay.
- I wish I was a better dancer.
- I love you!
Stay juicy.
(all clap)
I'm pretty crushed, I feel
very, very heartbroken.
I'm proud of what I did and
I'm proud of what I put forward
and I don't think Pangina
made the right choice,
but hopefully Jimbo will
bring back that crown.
I couldn't take over the world
here,
but I'll take it over somewhere
else.
- Con-drag-ulations ladies.
And remember, if you can't love
yourself,
how the hell are you going
to love somebody else?
Can I get an amen up in here?
- [All] Amen!
- All right, now let the music
play.
♪ To, to, to, to the moon ♪
♪ To the moon ♪
♪ Come on and take me away ♪
♪ To to to to the moon ♪
- Next time on "RuPaul's
Drag Race UK vs the World".
You need to create a
dress that Mama Ru herself
would want to wear.
- Episode two, sewing challenge.
If I ever see a sewing
machine after this challenge,
I'll scream.
- I've had many a friend dress
like this
in a Wetherspoon's toilet,
trying to text their ex.
- I don't know what's going on,
but you need to stop it now.
- When I saw you with the puff
sleeve,
I said, "Why are we at drag
brunch?"
Not even drag brunch, like
my first time in drag.
- Oh my god, Monique.